# January 20, 2023

## Logistics

12-1 PM EST / 9-10AM PST / 5-6PM GMT

## Agenda

* CG Planning/Open Discussion (30 mins)



## Resources

* [Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ug06bAh0it2wWT9uLY1aEXSxsZ6Lk3SnzrabKCCqBmM/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Chair Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ueoRbOy6qtVF2GrSKAuzzxO_P0pog_ALYD9nyyN2FQo/edit?usp=sharing)

## Minutes

Steven: Motivation for the meeting is to gather ideas on talks and discussions to have in AFCG. Main Channel for communication is the slack channel. 

We have roughly 20 meetings a year + TPAC. 


Brian May: Identify one specific case of attestation to focus on. We can pick one and focus. 
Steven: Would be good to find areas of attestation that are of particular interest to this CG. 
Brian: Get a sense from people in the room, and reach out after that

Borbala: I am interested in what are the attestation capabilities 

Steven; Getting entropy requirements from browsers and using that as a starting point.

Neha: There is a capabilities survey shared by Google. We are happy to share the survey results with the AFCG. Please feel free to fill it in if not done so yet. 10 more days to close. You can choose not to add your org name. https://github.com/antifraudcg/use-cases/issues/1#issuecomment-1306164626 

Brian: Observation that I’m primarily focused on the ad-tech side. When trying to build signals that are privacy respecting, we are doing similar things to what is discussed here. Would be good to pursue those channels if anyone has time

Steven: Curious whether PATCG is doing on this. It might be a good idea to ask them share their findings here.

Eric: Are you talking about the attestation efforts on IAB side or something else? (asking to Brian)

Brian: Signals on ad side and motivation on side are same for here as well?

Aram: WABG collected use cases Brian is talking about. Their findings might be useful. 

Steven: In terms of scope of this meeting, the use cases are more of a guideline. The privacy considerations they’ve run into are relevant, could help us avoid duplicate work.

Vinod: Bring up feedback loops on false positive and negative results with privacy concerns in mind. This is not a solved problem. 

Steven: Feedback is a big hole in a lot of protocols. Figure out requirements for that feedback. If you have proposals in repo feel free to speak in depth about them. 

Steven: Is every two week meeting a reasonable schedule? We did have some cancellations. 

Brian: My life is waiting on cancelations so I have some open space. What we’re doing now is par for the course.

Steven: It seems people are happy with the current schedule. We will double check with chairs.

Steven: We have the use cases doc, we had some discussions at the end of the year. We should probably turn those into proposals. We have an open call for the private token work stream, and more specifically the private state token use stream. Chairs will discuss that further. We will come up with a plan and try to get consensus. 

Vinod: 
Privacy principles being used as guidance. Should we talk about fraud-detection principles? What are the things that they need to look out for.

Steven: That would be useful to discuss. Do different companies have different principles? We should be able to agree on some basic principles. This might be another document for the CG to work on.

Brian: I think this proposal is a good one, but is relatively easy to put together.

Steven: Time dedication to preplanned presentation versus open discussion meetings. Presentations taken up bulk of the time so far. How does the CG feel about this?

Borbala:
I find the presentations useful because they give a framing, even a low-key presentation. Helps to guide discussion

Brian: Presentations when people have something to present is good. We don’t want so many presentations that we don’t have organizational time. Prioritize proposals if people have them.

Chris: Data based approach to proposals. We are lacking real-life data to make judgements based on. How often is this type of fraud happening? Bringing a bit more rigor to the discussion here might be helpful.

Brian: Are there subsets of this group that are focused on specific topics? We can discuss them in subgroups and bring them to CG.

S: As we get more concrete proposals we can do breakouts. Some folks cannot share particular data because of the public nature of the forum. Perhaps people would be more willing to share in a private context.

Chris: Adding to Brian. Having a breakout session on concrete attestation proposals might help. Instead of using the primary time of the CG.

Steven: If enough people are interested in working on attestation we can try to schedule something in February.

Sam Jackson: It is hard to share the data/signals since they are primarily trade secrets. Some proposals are new methods/techniques and may not have existing data.

Borbala: For attestation discussions we need to decide on what the desirable final outcomes are.

Steven: Inventing something and deciding outcomes afterwards will not work. It would be good to decide outcomes first.

Borbala: Company X has some privacy protection, are we asking company X to give up their solution to rely on the attested signal, or will they be able to use them in tandem.

Brian: (To Sam on data priority). Not only being proprietary, orgs might not want to share it. Instead of data sharing, sharing capabilities might be easier. On having private meetings to address or discuss data, I would prefer not to discuss them here. On attestation, one thing we can focus on is mapping out a hierarchy and finding ground truth. 

Sofia: (agreeing with above) that data is proprietary to a company. As a community we should try to encourage early, high-level discussions.

Steven: This CG can not standardize anything, that is a job of WG. To standardize anything, we need a path to getting data. I hope we can get some feedback using simulated data.

Philipp: Biggest challenge for anti-abuse things is signal loss. Make the change - have old system; are they doing things that the older system would have caught. Quite expensive. 

Brian: Ad tech gives an arena to experiment assuming they are defined in an advertising context. 

Borbala: Measuring success is difficult in an adversarial setting. Might take 2 years to get that feedback or it could happen immediately. Lots of experts here, who may have intuition about new proposals.

Steven: We had a productive discussion. Closing the queue. We will try to schedule an attestation meeting. Thanks scribes =)
