# June 10, 2022

## Logistics

12-1 PM EDT / 9-10AM PDT / 4-5PM GMT

## Agenda

* TPAC 2022 Planning (5 min)
* Use Cases Review (15 mins)
* Other Business (10 mins)

## Resources

* [Minutes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kFh69PQHiQjjM7LdqbmjfjCxKDhL6ykuRDzqPDG3C4I/edit?usp=sharing)
* [Chair Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SGcY5JzTNvwUE79wBr6dxT2nyR-nof9ykVzYmJ4vuZM/edit?usp=sharing&resourcekey=0-iXBr4XVdXuWQkPPx780kaQ)

## Minutes

### TPAC 2022 Planning

Mo: TPAC takes place in Vancouver, 12-16 Sep 2022. I’ll be there; Steven will be there; others will be available virtually. There will be group meetings, cross-collaboration, and breakouts. We plan to have our “official” CG meeting on Thursday (15 Sep). Any additional suggestions for the agenda?

Brian May: Let’s meet with the PAT CG (Private Ad Tech).

[Ian: I continue to work with the Chairs of 4 groups to meet jointly).]

Steven: Yes, Web Ad, Private Ad tech, WebAuthn, Web Payments.  Would be good to prepare some presentations for the Antifraud meeting (Thursday). This will be a hybrid meeting, with the “official” parts of the agenda in the morning Vancouver time. 

Sam Weiler: I encourage you to schedule your own agenda items for your meeting, then invite other groups to attend those sessions

Ian: I would suggest people plan to be there at least Tues, weds, Thurs (and ideally all week).

Steven: I think we would expect to have Antifraud folks attend other group meetings as well as inviting people to our meeting. Details for registration are expected end of June.


### Use Case Review

Steven: We have adopted the [use cases](https://github.com/antifraudcg/use-cases/blob/main/USE-CASES.md) as an official work item. The document has editors who are responsible for taking into account feedback, driving discussion, and making other small changes.

Steven: There is a section on capabilities. That’s probably the section that needs the most work in the short term.

Philipp: We anticipate identifying capabilities (ideally that are useful to address multiple use cases). We can discuss privacy concerns around each capability. 

Sam Jackson: How do people contribute to that?

Steven: Yes, open issues, or propose for meeting discussion, or send to the group’s list. I think once people are somewhat happen, the editors can add to the document.

Sam Jackson: I think we should consider an inclusive / exhaustive list of capabilities, then evaluate their merits, etc.

Philipp: Agreed. We can then discuss whether a capability is the minimum one needed to fulfill a use case, and other considerations and prioritization (e.g., low-hanging fruit).

Brian: +1 to enumerating somewhere then folding into the capabilities doc. Also, I have a new use case I’d like to contribute. Shall I create an issue?

Sam Jackson: Yes.


### Other Business

Michael Ficarra: In other stds bodies there are task forces who can flesh out proposals to make rapid progress and prepare proposals for the larger group. Is that model one we could follow here? If so, who would like to participate in a task force.

Mo: Steven might be able to schedule a call.

Steven: If we do an open call for participants to a task force (e.g., via the group’s mailing list), that would be ok. We will want to take minutes for those who cannot join a call.

Philipp: I was a co-author. We also talked with FIDO Alliance about issues around tokens. Sounds great, I’d love to participate.

Brian May: Do we want to identify the deliverable(s) of such a task force?

Steven: I think initially it would just be a side meeting; in the side meeting they might come back and say they’d like to create an official deliverable. 

Brian May: In other groups I’ve found it useful to have a small set of people work on a google doc that the rest of the group can make comments on.

Steven: Seems like a reasonable approach to updating the proposal. I don’t think we want a lot of overhead, especially early on.

(Ian: +1 to a doc that people can see / comment on and editors advance.)

Steven: I mentioned a moment ago that Yahoo! discussed their experience with trust token API recently. Any interest in a presentation on that at a future meeting? (People are interested.) Ok, I’ll reach out to them.

Eric Trouton: Any feedback on moving the Trust Tokens spec from WICG => this CG?

Mo: I’d like to bring that up in an upcoming Antifraud CG call. And to hear what the market would like to see on this.

 \
Steven: Let’s have Yahoo! present, and the Trust Token authors can talk about next steps. And the authors can talk about moving here (and, e.g., whether to update-before-transferring or vice versa).

Sofia: Another goal is to align Trust Token with IETF Privacy Pass. 

Brian May: Would be great if we could get a backgrounder on Trust Tokens \*before\* the Yahoo! Review.

Steven: +1 to a refresher on Trust Tokens. Also, Apple just announced a related feature last week.

Mo: I am happy to present the backgrounder.


## Next meeting

Steven: Likely 2 weeks from now if we can organize the Trust Token materials; if not, 4 weeks.
